EZEE-2872: siteaccess_hosts setting (#1063)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/siteaccess.md

                page_builder:
                    siteaccess_list: [site, de]
    ```
    

>     If you are using multiple domains, list all domains for an admin SiteAccess under `siteaccess_hosts`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you use multiple domains, list all domains for an admin SiteAccess under `siteaccess_hosts`:
```
